libs/ledgerjs/packages/react-native-hw-transport-ble/README.md, before:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/211411/34776833-6f1ef4da-f618-11e7-8b13-f0697901d6a8.png" height="100" />

[Github](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/ledgerjs/),
[Ledger Devs Slack](https://ledger-dev.slack.com/)

## @ledgerhq/react-native-hw-transport-ble

**Ledger Hardware Wallet Bluetooth BLE transport for React Native.**

    yarn add @ledgerhq/react-native-hw-transport-ble

### Pre-requisite

-   [**Install and link library `react-native-ble-plx` + configure your app for Bluetooth permissions**](https://github.com/Polidea/react-native-ble-plx) (Open the link for documentation)
-   [for Android] **a recent version of JavaScriptCore** instead of React Native's default one. The simplest way is to set up [jsc-android](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsc-android). In future, [we expect](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/19737) React Native to upgrade JSC for Android.
-   **global.Buffer** available. Typically `global.Buffer = require("buffer").Buffer;` that can be placed in a `polyfill.js` and imported with `import "./polyfill";` at first line of the main JavaScript entry file.

## Troubleshootings

### Bad BLE link between the Phone and the device

It can sometimes happen that the phone have a broken link, it is in this case recommended to users to go to their phone settings and manually Forget the Nano X. There is at the moment no other ways: there is no programmatic way to unpair a bonded device but you can however have a button that opens that phone settings Bluetooth section.

### `undefined is not a function(evaluating '\_iterator[typeof Symbol === "function"?Symbol.iterator:"@@iterator"]()')`

Read again our Pre-requisites, you must set up jsc-android, alternatively you can figure out what polyfills are required. <https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/15902>

## Minimal getting started

`@ledgerhq/react-native-hw-transport-ble` works like any of our `@ledgerhq/hw-transport` libraries.

The difference here is that the listen() is costy and you likely don't want to always scan for devices, you would better save a selected device as "known" to suggest it to user later.

> Important: you will also have to deal with specifics of Bluetooth BLE, for instance, you need to request the LOCATION permission on Android!

Here is a gist of the most important parts required.

### Check for Bluetooth state

```js
import TransportBLE from "@ledgerhq/react-native-hw-transport-ble";

const subscription = TransportBLE.observeState({
  next: e => syncWithUI(e.available),
  complete: () => {},
  error: () => {}
});
```

**when Bluetooth is available we can continue to...**

### Scan for devices

```js
const subscription = TransportBLE.listen({
  complete: () => {
    this.setState({ refreshing: false });
  },
  next: e => {
    if (e.type === "add") {
      const device = e.descriptor;
      addDeviceToTheUI(device);
    }
  },
  error: error => {
    this.setState({ error, refreshing: false });
  }
});

// NB we also recommend the use of RxJS, you can just wrap it like so:
// Observable.create(TransportBLE.listen).subscribe({ ... })
// In the future of ledgerjs, we might directly returns Observable.
```

This is the basic idea, obviously you need to call this code in your logic and implement `addDeviceToTheUI(device)`.

In that `device` object, you can typically use two fields:

-   `device.id`: a unique identifier of the device that can later be given to `TransportBLE.open(id)`
-   `device.name`: the name of the device (e.g. `NanoX A4F5`)

**With this device we can now...**

### Connect to known device

```js
const transport = await TransportBLE.open(device);
// OR
const transport = await TransportBLE.open(deviceId); // deviceId can come from persisted state. It's unique per device
```

**and now we can just use the transport like any other Ledger transport!**

## API

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

#### Table of Contents

-   [BluetoothTransport](#bluetoothtransport)
    -   [Parameters](#parameters)
    -   [Examples](#examples)
    -   [exchange](#exchange)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-1)
    -   [isSupported](#issupported)
    -   [setLogLevel](#setloglevel)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-2)
    -   [observeState](#observestate)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-3)
    -   [listen](#listen)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-4)
    -   [open](#open)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-5)
    -   [disconnect](#disconnect)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-6)

### BluetoothTransport

**Extends Transport**

react-native bluetooth BLE implementation

#### Parameters

-   `device` **Device** 
-   `writeCharacteristic` **Characteristic** 
-   `notifyObservable` **Observable&lt;[Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html)>** 
-   `deviceModel` **DeviceModel** 

#### Examples

```javascript
import BluetoothTransport from "@ledgerhq/react-native-hw-transport-ble";
```

#### exchange

communicate with a BLE transport

##### Parameters

-   `apdu` **[Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html)** 

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)&lt;[Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html)>** 

#### isSupported

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)&lt;[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)>** 

#### setLogLevel

##### Parameters

-   `level` **any** 

#### observeState

TODO could add this concept in all transports
observe event with { available: bool, string } // available is generic, type is specific
an event is emit once and then listened

##### Parameters

-   `observer` **any** 

#### listen

Scan for bluetooth Ledger devices

##### Parameters

-   `observer` **any** 

#### open

Open a BLE transport

##### Parameters

-   `deviceOrId` **any** 

#### disconnect

Globally disconnect a BLE device by its ID

##### Parameters

-   `id` **any**

Commit message:

Support/dev portal links (#875)
* Corrected links + added to ledgerjs packages

* typo

* moved the paragraph outside of the generated part

* typo

* runed doc bot

libs/ledgerjs/packages/react-native-hw-transport-ble/README.md, after:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/211411/34776833-6f1ef4da-f618-11e7-8b13-f0697901d6a8.png" height="100" />

[Github](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/ledgerjs/),
[Ledger Devs Slack](https://ledger-dev.slack.com/)

## @ledgerhq/react-native-hw-transport-ble

**Ledger Hardware Wallet Bluetooth BLE transport for React Native.**

    yarn add @ledgerhq/react-native-hw-transport-ble


---

## Are you adding Ledger support to your software wallet?

You may be using this package to open a Bluetooth connexion between your mobile application and the device.

For a smooth and quick integration:

- See the developers’ documentation on the [Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/transport/overview/) and
- Go on [Discord](https://developers.ledger.com/discord-pro/) to chat with developer support and the developer community.

---


### Pre-requisite

-   [**Install and link library `react-native-ble-plx` + configure your app for Bluetooth permissions**](https://github.com/Polidea/react-native-ble-plx) (Open the link for documentation)
-   [for Android] **a recent version of JavaScriptCore** instead of React Native's default one. The simplest way is to set up [jsc-android](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsc-android). In future, [we expect](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/19737) React Native to upgrade JSC for Android.
-   **global.Buffer** available. Typically `global.Buffer = require("buffer").Buffer;` that can be placed in a `polyfill.js` and imported with `import "./polyfill";` at first line of the main JavaScript entry file.

## Troubleshootings

### Bad BLE link between the Phone and the device

It can sometimes happen that the phone have a broken link, it is in this case recommended to users to go to their phone settings and manually Forget the Nano X. There is at the moment no other ways: there is no programmatic way to unpair a bonded device but you can however have a button that opens that phone settings Bluetooth section.

### `undefined is not a function(evaluating '\_iterator[typeof Symbol === "function"?Symbol.iterator:"@@iterator"]()')`

Read again our Pre-requisites, you must set up jsc-android, alternatively you can figure out what polyfills are required. <https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/15902>

## Minimal getting started

`@ledgerhq/react-native-hw-transport-ble` works like any of our `@ledgerhq/hw-transport` libraries.

The difference here is that the listen() is costy and you likely don't want to always scan for devices, you would better save a selected device as "known" to suggest it to user later.

> Important: you will also have to deal with specifics of Bluetooth BLE, for instance, you need to request the LOCATION permission on Android!

Here is a gist of the most important parts required.

### Check for Bluetooth state

```js
import TransportBLE from "@ledgerhq/react-native-hw-transport-ble";

const subscription = TransportBLE.observeState({
  next: e => syncWithUI(e.available),
  complete: () => {},
  error: () => {}
});
```

**when Bluetooth is available we can continue to...**

### Scan for devices

```js
const subscription = TransportBLE.listen({
  complete: () => {
    this.setState({ refreshing: false });
  },
  next: e => {
    if (e.type === "add") {
      const device = e.descriptor;
      addDeviceToTheUI(device);
    }
  },
  error: error => {
    this.setState({ error, refreshing: false });
  }
});

// NB we also recommend the use of RxJS, you can just wrap it like so:
// Observable.create(TransportBLE.listen).subscribe({ ... })
// In the future of ledgerjs, we might directly returns Observable.
```

This is the basic idea, obviously you need to call this code in your logic and implement `addDeviceToTheUI(device)`.

In that `device` object, you can typically use two fields:

-   `device.id`: a unique identifier of the device that can later be given to `TransportBLE.open(id)`
-   `device.name`: the name of the device (e.g. `NanoX A4F5`)

**With this device we can now...**

### Connect to known device

```js
const transport = await TransportBLE.open(device);
// OR
const transport = await TransportBLE.open(deviceId); // deviceId can come from persisted state. It's unique per device
```

**and now we can just use the transport like any other Ledger transport!**

## API

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

#### Table of Contents

-   [BluetoothTransport](#bluetoothtransport)
    -   [Parameters](#parameters)
    -   [Examples](#examples)
    -   [exchange](#exchange)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-1)
    -   [isSupported](#issupported)
    -   [setLogLevel](#setloglevel)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-2)
    -   [observeState](#observestate)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-3)
    -   [listen](#listen)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-4)
    -   [open](#open)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-5)
    -   [disconnect](#disconnect)
        -   [Parameters](#parameters-6)

### BluetoothTransport

**Extends Transport**

react-native bluetooth BLE implementation

#### Parameters

-   `device` **Device** 
-   `writeCharacteristic` **Characteristic** 
-   `notifyObservable` **Observable&lt;[Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html)>** 
-   `deviceModel` **DeviceModel** 

#### Examples

```javascript
import BluetoothTransport from "@ledgerhq/react-native-hw-transport-ble";
```

#### exchange

communicate with a BLE transport

##### Parameters

-   `apdu` **[Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html)** 

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)&lt;[Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html)>** 

#### isSupported

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)&lt;[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)>** 

#### setLogLevel

##### Parameters

-   `level` **any** 

#### observeState

TODO could add this concept in all transports
observe event with { available: bool, string } // available is generic, type is specific
an event is emit once and then listened

##### Parameters

-   `observer` **any** 

#### listen

Scan for bluetooth Ledger devices

##### Parameters

-   `observer` **any** 

#### open

Open a BLE transport

##### Parameters

-   `deviceOrId` **any** 

#### disconnect

Globally disconnect a BLE device by its ID

##### Parameters

-   `id` **any**
